Change the field name from “Full Name” to “Name”

Phone Number: Let’s show (+88) by default on the right side of the input field. The input field should only accept numbers without +88 prefix, check which phone number sequences are present in bangladesh, and make the field’s input checks accordingly.

Email address is OK.

Let’s bring the Service Type, Vehicle Type, Vehicle Capacity up in the list.

Rental Period:
The calendar should select one date by default and auto populate the start and end date with that date value, until there’s a second date input in the calendar, in which case the date range will be selected.
The calendar Ui should show only one month, with continuous date to next month, instead of showing the next month separately. E.g. 29,30,31,1,2,3.. Etc
Start Time should be a mandatory field. The minutes entry is not required, let’s show a drop down that has hours in the 12hr format. E.g. 1:00 PM
End time field should only show up if the rental trip is for 1 day. In which case, the end time field would also be mandatory. The minutes entry is not required, let’s show a drop down that has hours in the 12hr format. E.g. 1:00 PM

Based on the vehicle type and capacity selection, show 1:1 dimension pictures of some relevant popular cars available in Bangladesh. For SUV we can show X-trail’s picture, and for Coasters, we can show vehicles from Mitshubishi along with Toyota. This will give the users an idea of what the vehicles might look like. For e.g. Super Economy & 4 seater sedan can show Corolla X, Nissan Sunny, etc.
Do your homework to select pictures before code change. If required, ask me which pictures to select from options.

For the location fields, let’s name them “From” and “To” instead of pick and drop, and should also include a checkbox that asks if the user will come back to the pickup location after visit. We can call it “Both Way / Return Trip?” and have a small note at the bottom with a description of what that option is for.

Once all the changes are made, please run some sample form entries to check if the form submission works end to end. Test all the scenarios.

All the fields will be required, except email address.
